- [Gordon] Tonight on Hotel Hell,
(siren blaring)
a near-fatal accident has
left Mississippi hotel owners
in a desperate situation.
- Legs.
- I broke both of my ankles
and back in two places.
- The business is failing.
And with not enough money coming in,
this married couple have lost their home.
You live in here?
- Yes.
- [Gordon] There's not even a window!
- You have to do what you have to do!
- [Gordon] If I don't do something soon,
they will lose everything.
(upbeat dramatic music)
- We have two children.
I would like for them not to have to worry
about their mom and dad.
- You've let this business
swallow the both of you up.
I think you deserve something better.
I only hope I'm not too late.
(upbeat music)
(bell dings)
(upbeat rock music)
(spider chirps)
(electricity buzzes)
The Hotel Chester is located
in Starkville, Mississippi,
home to the Mississippi State University.
Husband and wife, David
and Sukie Mollendor,
bought the hotel in 2000.
Before buying the Chester,
David travelled the world
as a hotel trouble-shooter.
- Well, I worked in the
hotel industry 39 years.
(telephone rings)
Thank you for calling Hotel Chester.
Wanted to try and settle
down and give our kids
one stable place to be.
One of us gotta get taller. (laughs)
- [Gordon] To begin
with, a 36-bedroom hotel
was a real success, packed
with students and locals.
- [David] How are you doing?
- [Man] Good, how you doing?
(David laughing)
- [Gordon] Then a sudden
tragedy hit the family.
(siren blaring)
(camera shutters flicker)
(man speaking over radio phone)
- David was coming home and was involved
in a major auto accident.
We thought we'd lost him.
That changed all of us overnight.
(soft music)
- He crushed his feet and was bedridden
for almost six months.
(gentle upbeat music)
- It's a little dated!
- The decor is very dated.
- [Gordon] In David's
absence, standards dropped
and customers stopped coming.
- Well, we were losing so much money
that I had to file for bankruptcy.
- The financial losses have been so bad,
the bank foreclosed on their home,
so now they're living in the hotel.
- Living in the hotel,
working together in the hotel,
I feel tired and I feel
out of sync with the world.
(upbeat dramatic music)
- [Gordon] They couldn't afford payroll,
so Sukie left her job in real estate
and took over as chef
and temporary manager.
- It was my idea that we
open a sushI restaurant.
Never worked in any
restaurant kitchens before
in my entire life, but I
knew how to make the sushi.
- My mouth's confused.
- [Gordon] But despite
her best intentions,
with no formal training-
- Oh!
- [Gordon] She's struggling.
- Oh, uh-uh. Oh, where's my knife!
- [Gordon] Sukie spends
all her time in the hotel,
so she's blind to the tens
of thousands of students
and tourists, who could
be potential customers.
And the hotel's bedrooms and dining room
are empty most nights.
- I just need those entrees.
- [Sukie] Yeah.
- But I guess they're coming.
- You know, I see it if my parent cries,
I see that they're physically exhausted,
that they're mentally drained.
- My mom, she used to be lively, vibrant.
She's honestly half the
woman she used to be.
- Man, I'm losing my mind.
- When I came to this
place I was 180 pounds
of twisted blue steel, sex
appeal and mucho health.
Then this old bitch has worn
me down to 200 pounds of flab,
gab, and (speaks foreign language).
(gentle music)
- [Gordon] With almost no
money coming in to the hotel,
David and Sukie are hanging
on by a very thin thread.
- I need Gordon to help my parents
because if this hotel doesn't change,
it's we lose everything This is it.
(bright upbeat music)
(birds chirping)
(car engine revving)
- I'm in Starkville,
Mississippi's college town.
I'm on my way to the Hotel Chester.
Mississippi State
University, founded in 1878.
Any hotel with a college on their doorstep
should be absolutely thriving,
not just with the students
but with their parents as well.
I can't wait to check-in
to the Hotel Chester.
Where is this place?
(car engine revving)
(gentle upbeat music)
I can't even see the sign.
(soft music) Okay, I'll pull in over here.
They've got to know where it is.
How are you?
- [Male Student] Hey, I'm good.
- I'm looking for the Hotel Chester.
- I've never been there
before. I've passed it.
- You ever been there?
- [Female Student] It's
one block down on the left.
- No, I can't find it, I've
gone 'round three times.
- It's easy to miss.
- [Gordon] Easy to miss?
- Yeah.
- I can't see any signs.
- Well, there may be one sign
but, I mean, it's not too big, no.
- Okay, great.
(girls laughing)
Excellent, thank you, enjoy.
(upbeat dramatic music)
The students never go to the Chester,
despite the fact that it's
right next to the campus, weird!
There we are, there, Historic
Hotel Chester entrance, wow.
Such a huge building and such
a tiny sign, it's madness!
Finally
morning sir! How are you?
- Hey, good morning! How are you?
- Good to see you. Gordon.
- Good to see you and I'm David, Gordon.
- David, nice to see you.
well, I've finally found the place!
That is so confusing there, you know that?
There's no sign on the main
street, I drove straight by!
It was difficult.
- You didn't see 'em on
the corner of the building?
- [Gordon] A tiny sign
saying it's historic?
- That's what's historic about it.
- Oh, that's, that-
- It's historically been a bad entrance.
Now, we have you in an
executive king room.
And then here's two keys for
you 'cause I'm giving you two
because men don't follow
instructions as well as women.
Or in case you get
lucky, hell yes! (laughs)
- So you're a hands-on owner.
Are you running the desk all by yourself?
- My wife is the chef.
She's taught herself.
- Can I meet this lady?
- Well, can I finish my spiel?
- Oh, I thought you'd all ready finished.
- So breakfast is included,
we do have fresh cut fruit.
- That's nice to know, fresh cut fruit.
what would be the alternative, canned?
- No, no fruit, I think
would be the alternative.
- Oh, (laughs) I love
your sense of humour.
(David laughs)
It's dry and very funny.
Fresh cut fruit for breakfast.
- Yes sir.
- Nice.
- Now, I just want you to know
I'm not always at the desk
but you'll be able to recognise me
even if I'm walking away from you
'cause I'm the one who looks
like he's riding a chicken.
- Riding a chicken?
- [David] Yeah.
- I've never ridden a chicken.
you'll have to show me. oh.
- Well, you just have to look at my legs.
- Oh, jeez.
- (laughing) I'll go and get Sukie, okay?
- Okay, great, that poor
chicken. Fucking hell!
(gentle upbeat)
- Ugh! ah!
It's so hot, actually! Ooh!
- I've got a guest that wants to meet you.
- Oh, okay.
- Uh-oh, what do you do with that?
- I am making tamago.
Gordon is here to help
us out and I'm terrified
but at the same time I am so excited.
- Okay, oh!
- [Sukie] Hi!
- Hello, how are you?
Nice to see you.
Don't worry, I've had
worse than wet hands,
nice to meet you.
- I washed my hands.
- That was very kind, thank
you for that. (lips smacking)
- Thank you.
- Sukie, right?
- Nice to meet you.
- Likewise, good to see
you too. (David laughs)
What's it like working with your wife?
- I love my wife so it's
nice to be around her
until she gets her nose out of joint.
She has a chef's temperament.
If you're not familiar with it,
well, they can fly off
the handle pretty easy.
- What's your background?
- I'm a hotel guy.
I was in Vietnam and I
went to hotel school.
- So you've owned other hotels?
So you've qualified as a hotelier?
- Well, so in my view, yeah. (laughs)
- Well, that's very good!
That's good to hear!
- Graduated with a major in
hotel and restaurant management
and have been in the
business almost 40 years.
- [Gordon] So, in a nutshell,
what's wrong with the hotel?
- That's the question, we're not sure.
we don't think it's a quality issue,
neither for our rooms or
our food and beverage.
- Why don't you both show me to the room?
- [Sukie] Okay.
- I've been a general
manager of a lot of hotels.
I eventually became a turnaround guy
to take on problem properties.
So my big surprise here is that
I'm having a hell of a time
trying to turn this thing around.
We just call it an executive king.
- Oh, wow.
Oh, dear, okay, this is it? Yes sir.
What is that, suede?
- It's leather, but it's a rough leather
and very difficult to clean.
- And it's so bland! I mean,
it's like a cheap motel chain.
I feel like I'm in the
witness protection programme!
It's depressing here!
So when was the last time
the rooms were touched?
- 2003.
- 2003, so ten years ago.
- Yeah.
- It feels like something
out of the 1970s.
- Our hotel rooms are dated.
You know, we try to call
it period furniture.
- Yeah, I don't know what to say,
always tells you that
a place on the decline
when you walk in and you've
got walls that are a mess,
scuffs everywhere and
big marks on the sofas
that you're expected to pay
good money to sit down in.
So far, I'm not digging it.
I'm gonna unpack and then
I'd like to come down
and have a bite to eat.
Sukie, so what's your
experience in the kitchen?
- My father had a sushI
restaurant in Washington, D.C.
- Parents have a Japanese restaurant?
- Yeah, had, my father passed away.
- And did you grow up in the kitchen?
- Of course!
- But did you work in the kitchen?
- No, just washing dishes.
(upbeat dramatic music)
(David and Sukie laughing)
- Anyway, listen, I'm gonna
unpack. Thank you, yeah?
- Okay, hey, thank you.
Yes sir, nice meeting you.
- Good to see you.
Likewise, and I'll pop
down and have a bit to eat.
- Okay. All right.
- Okay? Thank you.
- So I feel like the guy
who walked into a bar
with a big frog on his
head, went up to the bar
and asked the bartender for a drink,
and the bartender said, "Man, I tell you,
you've got a problem don't you?"
And the frog said, "yeah, I sure do-"
- [Sukie] I'll see you late Dave.
"Can you cut this wart
off my ass?" (laughs)
- And, God, can that man talk.
(upbeat dramatic music)
Bars and restaurants in a
vibrant college town like this
are always packed at lunchtime,
but this place is dead!
- [Lindsey] I'm Lindsey.
- [Gordon] How are you?
- Good! There you go!
- Thank you.
- Can I get you something to drink?
- Do you have some ice-cold water, please?
- Okay, mm-hmm.
- Thank you, my darling,
what would you recommend?
- Strawberry field sushI is very popular,
it's a little bit sweeter.
- I'll try it.
- [Lindsey] Okay.
- Las Vegas as an appetiser
as well. And then...
Oh, the sakura, five individual
rolls rolled into one.
(cash register creaking)
(gentle music)
I don't know how you execute
all that Japanese food
on that menu when you're not trained,
it doesn't quite make sense.
(upbeat dramatic music)
- [Sukie] Oh my goodness,
this is not good.
- There's not a lot of
people in Starkville
that like our sushi, it's
a little bit different
from what other places in Starkville have.
(upbeat dramatic music)
- Oh.
- God, they're slow.
- Sukie runs her kitchen
the way she wants to.
It always takes too
long in-between tickets,
but there is really
nothing I can do about it.
- This food is taking way too long,
I've been waiting over
an hour for raw fish!
(dramatic music)
Oh, my God, I can't take this anymore.
Ah, God!
(upbeat dramatic music)
- [Lindsey] Dammit.
(door shuts)
(electricity buzzes)
(gentle upbeat music)
- I'm at Starkville,
Mississippi's Hotel Chester
and I've been waiting for my
lunch for a very long time.
(gentle upbeat music)
- [Lindsey] Dammit.
- Oh, jeez, I nodded off then, my God!
Does the sushI usually take this long?
- [Lindsey] Yes sir.
- What is this one?
- The Las Vegas.
- Ooh, oh my God, cream cheese?
- Salmon, cream cheese and
asparagus, then it's deep-fried
and comes with jalapenos.
- Fried salmon with cream cheese.
(Gordon munching)
Disgusting.
(upbeat dramatic music)
What a strange combination,
very weird, it doesn't
work for me, that one.
I mean, it's just greasy.
- And get this out of the way?
- As quick as possible.
- Okay.
- [Gordon] Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- It's dreadful.
My first impressions of the food here
is that it's as bad as the rooms.
(upbeat dramatic music)
- [Sukie] Sakura.
- [Lindsey] Sakura and there's
cream cheese in the middle.
- Look at that thing.
So it's pretty big, right?
so how are you supposed
to get it in your mouth?
- I've never eaten it before.
- Let's try, come on.
- Me?
- We're in this together.
- Oh, no, you ordered
this one all on your own.
- That's yours there,
ready? Open wide, please.
- [Lindsey] Wait, there is no way
this is gonna fit in my mouth.
- Ready? One, two, three.
Ah.
- Uh-uh, I can't do it.
- Now I know how my granddad feels
when he puts his new teeth
in. (Lindsey chuckles)
- Can I throw it away now?
- Yeah. So you took one little bite?
- [Lindsey] I did.
- Damn, disaster, total disaster.
How did it taste, by the way?
- Not very good.
The sakura was very chewy.
Sukie does try her best,
but she has no idea
what she's doing.
- What's wrong with the
sakura, bland, ugly, bad?
- Chewy, strange combination.
- Chewy?
- Yep, and impossible
to put in your mouth.
- Let me tell you about my sushi,
I'm not a morimoto or
nobu, absolutely not,
I'm doing my best and I respect rice.
- [Gordon] What is this one?
- [Lindsey] Strawberry field.
- Man, look at that, strawberry on sushi.
On behalf of every
Japanese chef in America,
I'd like to apologise, it's very weird.
- [Lindsey] Which part
is so terribly weird?
- Just you wouldn't cover
white tuna with strawberries
and then glaze it.
Strawberry fields, I'd
rather fucking eat a beatle.
(gentle upbeat music)
- It's too sweet, strawberries
don't belong with tuna.
- I am frustrated that Gordon
does not like my sushi.
I've tried all I can.
(gentle upbeat music)
- How are you doing, honeybun?
- [Sukie] Oh, he doesn't like any.
- He doesn't like any of it?
- No.
(David laughs)
- So, truthfully, what
is wrong with this place?
- Lack of business.
- So, on an average weekend,
how many guests would you do?
- On a busy weekend maybe 12 people.
- Are they in-house
guests, the hotel guests?
- [Lindsey] Usually.
- So virtually, nobody from the outside?
- [Lindsey] Correct.
- Jesus. Anyway, where are the owners?
Can you tell me where they are?
- Sure!
- Thank you.
- They've got just 36
bedrooms, yet on a busy night,
just 12 guests eat here.
With food that bad, I'm not surprised.
(upbeat dramatic music)
Congratulations on the
longest lunch I've ever had
in my entire cooking
career, that was 97 minutes,
and half of it was raw.
As a novice cook, why are
you making sushi? It's crazy!
- I'm trying my best to at
least introduce Mississippi,
let's eat a little bit healthier.
- There's nothing healthier with my lunch.
Maybe a health warning.
Surely you should be giving
the locals what they wanna eat,
that's why they come.
Well, talking to Lindsey,
the only customers we get now
are the ones staying in the hotel,
which is practically no one!
The business is on its arse.
And how much debt are you in?
- Over $900,000.
- $900,000?
- Right.
- We are in debt?
- Please don't say you don't know.
(upbeat music)
(electricity buzzing)
So far, Starkville,
Mississippi's Hotel Chester
has been a massive letdown.
Hotel Chester entrance, wow.
Such a huge building and such a tiny sign.
The dated, soulless rooms are awful.
It's like a cheap motel chain!
Strawberry on sushi. The sushI
is the worst I've ever had.
That is hideous.
And David, the co-owner,
has just admitted to me
and to his wife that they're
almost $1 million in debt.
$900,000?
- Right.
- We are in debt?
- Please don't say you don't know.
- I'm deeply sorry and
I'm sad that you're upset.
- I'm not upset at you.
David should not have been
hiding the financial status
from me.
- [Gordon] Finding out
she's been kept in the dark
has angered Sukie.
- Dave, I don't know what we are doing!
I do the spending side and
you do the paying side!
- I don't share the finances with Sukie-
- This is getting ridiculous.
- 'Cause I'm afraid of
hurting Sukie's feelings.
Calm down.
- No, I'm not gonna calm down.
- [Gordon] While the owners argue,
guests who have heard about my visit
are arriving at the Chester.
- For dinner you're just
gonna go to the restaurant
which is just a straight shoot
right back there, all right?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- And tonight, the restaurant and hotel
will be full of people for
the first time in years.
I feel sorry for all of them.
How long have you actually been waiting?
- I would say at least 45 minutes.
- 45 minutes, my apologies.
- How long have you
been waiting? I'm sorry.
- We've been here about an hour.
- [Gordon] An hour.
- Mm.
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry.
I've never seen anything like this before,
it's insane how long
these guests are waiting.
So what table's this Sukie?
- Oh, pardon me, I'm sorry?
- No, I just asked what
table you're doing?
- The very first table.
- It's been well over an hour
and Sukie is only working
on the first table.
She's really struggling and
yet David's not stepping in
to lend a hand.
(upbeat dramatic music)
So, you know, over an hour in to service,
would you go in and help her?
I would but, that's just not
my territory, unfortunately.
- Right, it's like the hotel's
falling apart around you.
If someone needs you in
the kitchen, in the bar,
the reception, shouldn't
you be multitasking?
- The kitchen is her territory.
- Okay, well, I'm just
asking, it's your hotel.
- No, I know and I appreciate that.
- [Gordon] Yeah.
If the kitchen's not David's territory
then maybe the rooms are.
- I touched the blinds and
there's dust all over it.
- [Guest] Squalor, it's hard.
- There's a beat-up family.
It's like it came out of
someone's house when they died.
- This is definitely not a
place I'd wanna hang out.
- [Gordon] It seems to me
that David has checked out.
I don't understand what's going on here.
- This is not good, okay?
- [Gordon] Sukie is
totally out of her depth,
having only dealt with one
of the eight tables waiting
for food. Jesus Christ.
- Oh, no, this is awful!
- Mom?
- Wow. What's wrong, darling?
- They said it wasn't cooked.
- Yep, it's cold. Yeah,
that needs more cooking.
- Mom?
- What's wrong?
- It's not cooked.
- [Gordon] You okay?
- [Meghan] I don't even
wanna get her in trouble.
- Why has she burst into tears?
You okay?
- [Meghan] I'm fine.
- Help me understand. what's going on?
- No, I just-
- The fish is undercooked in the centre.
- I know, it's just I don't-
- Don't what? What is it?
I'm missing, the point?
I don't understand why she's
in there playing head chef.
- Because we don't have anyone else!
I mean, she became chef
when my dad was in a car accident in 2008.
- He was bedridden for about six months
and then moved in to run
the hotel the next day.
My mom became a chef overnight.
She came to the hotel,
saw where she thought she was needed
and jumped in the kitchen.
And ever since she's been
trying to make it work.
- And so how long has it
been functioning like this?
- And I think it's been in this stage
for about two or three years.
My dad has taken a step back
and given up a little bit.
- Okay, we have to be
strong. Get some fresh air.
- I am.
- Get your eyes nice and bright, okay?
- Okay, thanks. (chuckles)
- Finally, I get it,
the Hotel Chester has been in a tailspin
since David's car accident.
I wish Sukie or David had told me.
Wow, the beer garden, interesting.
Sukie is just trying to make
this work as best she can,
but she's failing miserably.
And David has hotel knowledge,
but since the accident
he has taken a backseat.
This whole place feels lost,
the owners, the restaurant, the bedrooms,
even this garden feels abandoned,
just like the dinner guests.
The customers are getting so pissed off,
I'm gonna have to do
something otherwise this place
is gonna go crazy.
(electricity buzzes)
The Hotel Chester in
Starkville, Mississippi
is on the brink of financial disaster
and I've finally found out why.
- My dad was in a car accident in 2008.
- David's car accident sent
the hotel into a sharp decline.
- Oh, no!
- Sukie is drowning in the kitchen,
trying to keep the business afloat.
How long have you actually been waiting?
- I would say at least 45 minutes.
- We've been here about an hour.
(David yawns)
- While her husband David
isn't taking the reins,
I can't see the diners starve,
so I've dashed over to
the local supermarket.
The least I can do to help poor Sukie
is to cook up a few sliders
before the customers walk out.
If those diners are gonna
get any food, trust me,
tonight it's coming from me.
That is ridiculous in there,
an hour for appetisers, crazy.
So sorry about the delay.
- Oh, thank you!
- There's a little beef slider
from the barbecue in the garden.
I don't want you guys weltering away.
Everybody got some food now?
- [Dinner] Yes.
- [Gordon] Feel a bit better?
- [Dinner] Yes (laughs).
- The burgers have
brought Sukie enough time
to get through the rest of dinner service
without anyone walking out.
after a long three hours,
everyone has finally been fed.
I'm sure Sukie is as relieved as me
that dinner service is over.
(guest chattering)
How are you, Sukie?
- Fine, fine.
- You're fine?
- Yes.
- That was a tough one.
- It was very tough.
- [Gordon] Yeah?
- Yes sir.
- Why don't you guys get
out of here, you go home?
Let's hook up first
thing tomorrow morning.
How far is home away from here?
- This is our home now, we've got a room.
- What do you mean this is your home?
- We live here.
- You live onsite?
- Yes.
- You have an apartment here?
- No, right in there
there's the handicap room.
That's our home now.
- You live in the handicap room?
- Yes.
- Can you show me?
- Since Dave's accident
I gave up everything.
We had no money so we had no choice
but to live in this room.
- [Gordon] You live in here?
- [Sukie] Yes.
- There's not even a fucking window!
- No.
- [Gordon] Sukie, I had no
idea things were this bad.
- Well, have to do what you have to do.
- [Gordon] I'm so sorry.
- Well, you know, sometimes
you have the bad times.
- Could you get David, please?
- Okay.
I don't know what else to
do, we have two children.
I would like for them not to have to worry
about their mom and dad.
- Okay, so you were running this hotel,
this was your baby, David?
- That's right, yes.
- And sadly you got involved
in a tragic car accident.
- Yes.
- What happened?
- Legs.
- I broke both of my ankles
and my back in two places.
- We nearly lost him.
- I mean, I was pretty busted up
so I've been spending most
of the past five years
just recovering.
- [Gordon] why did you sell your house?
- We couldn't make the payment and-
- You foreclosed?
- [David] Yes.
- That's terrible, I'm
sorry, I didn't know that.
And you come home every
night now into this bedroom?
- [David] Mm-hm.
- This is awful, it is no way to live.
I think you deserve something better.
I promise I'm gonna help
you fix this place, okay?
- Yes sir. Thank you Gordon, thank you.
- Will you get some rest, please?
- Sometimes I will go seven days
without stepping out of
the hotel and it's sad.
- I can't believe David and Sukie
have been living like this for years.
I've never wanted to
help two people so badly.
I just hope I'm not too late.
(electricity buzzing)
(gentle music)
Oh, man, that was a rough night's sleep.
I couldn't stop thinking
about David and Sukie
downstairs where they
are, almost cooped up
in that tiny room with no windows.
I mean, my sleep was rough but, Christ,
can you imagine going
through that for three years,
like they've been doing, God.
David and Sukie have sunk
so far they have lost sight
of the outside world.
If they lose this hotel
they may lose everything.
I need to show them the
potential of this place
before it's too late.
It's like a sink.
Maybe if I turn that way.
Come on!
This is ridiculous, I
can't even get my feet wet!
David and Sukie need to see
how to make the Hotel Chester
a success. I've got a plan.
You've let this business
swallow the both of you up.
- Yeah.
- It is like quicksand.
You've lost your way.
Not only have you lost the
connection with each other,
but you've lost the connection
out there, out there.
The town, the students, the community.
Both of you, come with me,
I've got something to show you
that can save the life of your hotel.
(gentle music)
In the car, please.
(car starts)
When was the last time you
two went out for lunch?
- I can't remember, too long.
- I can't remember.
- You've never been
out for lunch together?
- [Sukie] No.
- [David] No.
- Wow.
I want to show David and
Sukie a couple of places
that are extremely successful
because they tap in
to what the community wants.
(car doors slumming)
Thank you, darling, (indistinct).
Oh, wow, at lunch are
you always this busy?
- [Waitress] It's
usually busier, actually.
- On an average weekend, for instance,
in the middle of summer
how many covers do you do?
- (sighs) Hundreds and thousands probably.
I mean, it gets so slam-packed.
- Excellent, thanks, honey.
- [Waitress] You're welcome.
- Thank you, sweetie.
Can you believe 1000 people a day here?
- Mm, envious.
- A day.
Good, honest Mississippian food.
- I just want 10%.
- You just want 100 people a day, 10%?
- Yeah, that would be, oh.
I did not know that there were
that many people eating out.
(gentle music)
- I've got one more place
to show David and Sukie
to really make sure they see
there are plenty of businesses
doing well in the town.
How cool is this place?
- [Sukie] Oh, this is really popular.
- You know, since my accident
I really haven't gotten around town much.
- You know, this business is 100 metres
from your front door.
Thank you. Now, there you are, darling.
Please, how many covers
do you do in a day?
What's the numbers?
- About 200 a day.
- 200 a day.
- 200 customers and weekends
generally double that.
- Mm, so an average of 200 guests a day,
400 at the weekends. And
families as well early evenings?
- Families, yes.
A lot of our business revolves
around college students.
- Thank you.
The purpose of this outing is to show you
how these businesses are
drawing from the university,
how they are open to every market,
and it does translate to the rooms.
You have a potential goldmine sat there,
you have the traffic, you've
gotta tap in to the community.
That's what you're not doing.
- I'm convinced, that's correct.
- I thought we were
always welcoming students,
maybe we are wrong. So that's
definitely an eye-opener.
- Now that I've shown David and Sukie
how much potential there is in Starkville,
I need them to commit to turning
the Hotel Chester around.
That was nice, I enjoyed that.
- It was. Yeah, I did too.
- Thank you, very nice.
- To see it that busy
for lunch was incredible.
- The business is booming there.
- [Gordon] David, you
need to get your head
back in the game.
- That's right.
- I've got some great ideas, but you two
have to be ready for change.
- [David] Gordon, whatever
direction you help us to get on,
we're not gonna waiver off of that.
- No, we're not.
(electricity buzzes)
- [Gordon] When I arrived at Starkville,
Mississippi's Hotel
Chester, it was invisible
on the main street.
Hotel Chester entrance,
wow, such a huge building
and such a tiny sign!
And failing to appeal to the people
who could make it a success,
the college students,
I'm convinced Sukie and David
are no ready for change.
- [David] Whatever direction
you help us to get on,
we're not gonna waiver off of that.
- So now it's time to reveal the new hotel
to David and Sukie and their team.
- Oh, my God, look at that! Aah!
(David laughing)
- Oh, my God! (clapping)
- Sure as hell, don't have to
worry about finding it now!
- Oh, that's wonderful, we have a sign!
- Come on.
- Welcome to the new Hotel Chester.
You're no longer hidden
on the main street.
Now, customers, locals, will
identify that it is a hotel.
Is it big enough for you, David?
- [David] Oh, yeah.
- I think it's really, really great.
- That there is the biggest
marketing tool you'll ever need.
- [David] I love it.
- Ah! Ah, this is so good!
- Shall we have a look inside?
- Yeah.
I'm looking forward to
seeing what Gordon has done
with the inside of the hotel.
- Are you ready?
- Oh, Gordon!
- Oh my God.
- Oh, my-
(upbeat dramatic music)
- [Meghan] Oh, my God!
(David laughing)
- Wow.
- Jump in. go in, go in, go in, please.
- This is definitely
lovely, lovely, lovely.
- Yes, I love it.
- [Gordon] Gone is the
drab and the dullness.
Now this room has character.
Isn't this beautiful?
- I'm genuinely thrilled,
if I could I'd do a somersault backwards
and then, if Gordon would
let me, I'd kiss him.
Even if he doesn't, I may drag him in
and give him a big ole kiss
right on the damn lips. (laughs)
- [Gordon] Meghan, nice
to see that you're happy.
- [Meghan] I'm very happy.
(Gordon Chuckles)
It's more than I can have
hoped for and it seems to be
the beginning of the end of our struggle.
- Do you think the parents
of those 20,000 students
in the university will
wanna stay here now?
- Yes.
- [Gordon] Right, like
to see one more room?
- [Team] Yes.
- Yeah? Let's go.
- All right.
(upbeat music)
- Oh, my God!
- [Lady] Oh, my God!
- [David] Damn I love this room!
- [Gordon] Beautiful!
- I'm in a dream, wonderful,
beautiful, beautiful, beautiful.
I mean, I can't ask more.
- Sukie, this is not a chain
hotel this is your hotel.
- No, no, that's right. Ah!
- Like I said, something to be proud of.
- That's awesome.
- I've got something else to show you.
This one you're gonna
absolutely love, ready?
- So excited! (claps)
(bright upbeat music)
- [Lady] Oh, look!
- Please, I'd like to welcome you all
to your stunning beer garden.
- There we go!
- Ah, look at that! Oh, my God!
- Wow.
- Oh.
- Oh, yes!
- This is what I call a beer garden, okay?
- [David] Damn!
- [Woman] Oh, yeah!
- Modern benches, so we have
communal benches as well,
large parties, have families,
additional space up there as
well we've taken advantage of,
stunning furniture.
- That's nice, beautiful, I love it.
- If you go into the gazebo,
we have the most amazing local beers.
- Oh, my God!
- [Gordon] Craft beers on tap.
- [Dinner] Oh, God, this is a fine place!
- And these are stunning craft beers
that can rotate local beers
to promote stuff locally.
- That's awesome.
The beer garden is awesome,
I'm gonna christen it myself
and somebody's gonna have
to carry me out of it
before we open the doors to the public.
- There's one more thing
I'd like to show you.
Please come with me.
- Yes, all right.
- Love this garden out here!
(upbeat dramatic music)
- Welcome to the new Hotel Chester's
stunning beer garden's food!
- This hotel is in a vibrant college town
in the heart of Mississippi,
so I've created a menu that
will attract a younger crowd
and highlight southern comfort food.
Gone is the fusion confusion.
(Megan chuckles)
Sukie, I'm sorry, all gone.
- Good.
- Southern food fits the location.
How can we be in Starkville
and not have stunning
fried green tomatoes?
Next to that we have
oyster and bacon po-boy:
fried crispy oysters, crispy bacon,
with a stunning spicy remoulade.
And Gordon's burger, he's a chef
and he, from time to time, comes up
with some stunning recipes with burgers.
This burger recipe is featured
at planet Hollywood in Vegas
and it is to die for.
- The new menu complements
the state of Mississippi
and it really suits the beer garden.
Wonderful, wonderful idea.
- Sukie, I have something for you
that's gonna make your life in the kitchen
a whole lot easier, bear
with me one second, please.
Now, I've got someone I'd
like to introduce you to,
someone very special with
two unique assistants.
Come through, please. Say
hello to Enrique Williams.
Now, she'll be Hotel
Chester's new head chef.
This lady is a very experienced chef
and she absolutely knows her stuff.
I'm covering Enrique's salary.
I'm taking care of that
until this place picks up
and you can afford to keep
her yourself. You kiss her.
- Having Sukie in the kitchen
broke my heart every day,
so I'm really looking forward
to getting to know the chef
and her apprentices and giving them
all the support I possibly can.
- Sukie, I want you to keep cooking,
but I want you to have
a bit of fun with it.
And here's how it's gonna work,
Sukie's robata grill skewers,
chicken, beef shrimp,
with garlic ginger soy marinade.
- That robata, the personal touch.
I love it, I love the change.
- Robata is classic Japanese barbecue.
When you think of robata grill
you think marinated Japanese
style, it's easy to execute,
and do you know what, it
cuts a little bit of slack
in the kitchen, it gives
the kitchen a bit of time.
Now, all of you, sit
down and tuck in, please.
- [Zach] Thank you so much!
- [David] Thanks Gordon!
That looks so damn good.
- [Sukie] Doesn't it?
- [Gordon] With word out to the locals
and the college students
about the Chester's new vibe,
this hotel is ready for business.
- Well how are we all doing,
checking in?
- Yes.
- Checking in for two under (indistinct).
- [Gordon] As the new younger
clientele begin checking in,
it's clear the renovated rooms are a hit.
- [Man] This is awesome.
- How nice is this!
- It feels so big and so
bright! It's just wow!
- We need one of these comforters at home.
- [Gordon] While the rooms
are proving to impress,
the renovated beer garden
is also creating a buzz,
with students, parents and locals.
- We need to get a little
taste of everything.
- Yeah, everyone needs to order
something different, I know.
- Do you want anything form the grill?
That's my little corner.
- We just want one of everything.
- What are drinking, buddy?
- I'll put it on your tab.
- [Gordon] David seems
reinvigorated as an owner
and is really getting into it.
- Let me get your glasses.
Just call 'em out to me.
I'm thrilled to death.
Just looking out there and
seeing people eating good food
and drinking good craft
beers and conversing
is exactly the kind of
environment I wanted out there.
- I need a burger
medium, a fish and chips-
- [Chef] You got your burger.
- [Enrique] Pulled pork.
- [Gordon] And without
Sukie in the kitchen,
the new head chef is doing a fantastic job
of making wonderful meals
and getting them out
in a timely manner.
- That is it for high one, so
now we're working high two.
- Make him sweat, God dammit.
There you go, all right, buddy.
The biggest thing Gordon
has done is giving me
a new sense of confidence
and an opportunity
to have my wife be my wife again.
- My favourite has been Gordon's hamburger
and I'm not a hamburger eater.
And it's fantastic and it's
a money back guarantee.
I'll give your money back
if you don't like it.
- Okay, thank you.
- That's the best burger in Starkville
without a close second.
- Oh, yeah.
- It is so good!
- This is the best of everything!
- Now that the Hotel Chester is catering
to what the locals want,
and with Sukie and David
embracing the changes, I know
my job here is almost done.
Time to say goodbye.
- [David] Hey Gordon.
- [Gordon] I'm gonna miss you both.
- We're gonna miss you too.
- Look after each other,
embrace these students,
their parents, and get this hotel full.
When I see you behind
that bar serving pints
that for me is you in your element.
- All right.
- Take care of yourselves, okay?
- Yes sir.
- Well done, darling.
(lips smacking)
Seeing you bouncing
around out there tonight,
happy in front of customers
rather than stressed,
good to see. Take care
of yourself.(sighs) Wow.
(car door slams)
(upbeat dramatic music)
Oh damn. I'm sorry, I've
forgot one little thing.
Can you come with me, please?
- Yeah.
- One little thing before I go.
(door shuts)
(electricity buzzes)
(gentle upbeat music)
The re-launch of the Hotel
Chester is a huge success.
Can you come with me, please?
- Yeah.
- Now Sukie and David are on
their way to making this hotel
the talk of the town.
Get in the car, please.
But before I leave, I have
one more surprise for them.
There's one more little
thing I wanted to show you.
Isn't this place beautiful?
That gorgeous pool there.
Both of you, come in for two seconds.
(upbeat music)
Now, living in that tiny
room with no windows
is not the way to live. So
this is your new apartment.
I've rented this for the
next six months and I'm sure,
when the business kicks off,
you'll have sufficient funds
to rent this apartment.
- Oh, I don't know what
to say. Oh, I love it!
- Open plan kitchen, lounge.
Have a quick look and the
bedroom through there, beautiful.
- This is just what we really needed
for Dave and me to getaway.
- (laughs) There we go.
- Oh, Dave, this is nice!
- [David] Ah, this is, this is nice.
- [Sukie] This is so sweet!
- You need some time out.
- Thank you! Thank you!
- That is yours.
- Thank you so much!
- Thank you, thank you
again, that's awesome.
I'm just damn flabbergasted, actually.
- Being onsite and not having
time out of your hotel,
you were blind to the
potential on your doorstep,
was ridiculous.
- Thank you.
We thought Gordon was just coming here
to help us with the business,
he ended up helping us,
emotionally, our marriage.
He very much wanted for us to be together
and that was so lovely.
- That's pretty damn awesome,
no question about it.
- Mm, really, really nice.
- Yes.
(both kiss)
Thank you again. Now, I'm
gonna hug you too. (laughs)
- This is a fantastic home.
- Take care, you, okay?
- I'm gonna kiss you too. (laughs)
- Spend some quality time
together, you deserve it.
Goodnight and good luck.
- All right, bye Gordon.
- [Gordon] Bye-bye now.
(door slams)
- It's a new start for me
and it's definitely a new start for Sukie.
- [Sukie] This is so sweet!
- [David] I'm gonna get naked
in the pool right now.
(Sukie laughs)
- It's so nice to see
two people finally happy.
Strawberries on fucking
sushi, what was she thinking?
Since my visit, the Hotel
Chester's bookings have gone up.
- Have y'all stayed with us before?
- No, this is the first time.
- And the guests are enjoying
the new improvements.
- It's just not generic, run of the mill.
I think this is something special now.
- It does feel special.
It's actually had a touch
of care given to it.
(guests chattering)
- [Gordon] With the new
menu and beer garden,
the hotel has become a local
hit with the college kids.
- I don't know what
this is but I enjoy it.
- The craft beer you have?
- Uh-huh.
- I mean it was outstanding, you know?
- [Sukie] Was it?
- Yes,
I mean, the local brewery Mississippi,
plus you had a mix of everything.
- Oh, so you had a sampler?
- We had the sampler, it was very good.
- The new buzz around town
means the Hotel Chester
is now bringing in thousands
of guests every weekend,
and David and Sukie are
working as a team again.
- Next march 8th, we've
got booked for a reception
for about 150 to 200 people so they want
all of the 36 rooms for two nights.
Gordon has saved us,
our relationship as
husband and wife is better,
we are now partners.
- I wanna give you all a hug!
- Come on Megan, give us a kiss.
- I'm so excited.
- Come on, guys!
- What Gordon has done for
us means everything to us.
And I think Gordon's helped
to put the hotel on the map!
Let's go suck face for a while.
- 90% of the time. (laughs)
- [Voice Over] One potato, two potato.
(man laughing)
(upbeat rock music)
One potato, two potato.
(man laughing)